everyone down here the giving high-fives
or hugging each other your Chad people
are losing their voice it's like it's a
feeling it's just uncontrollable I mean
there's times you just get chills in
your body and your eyes water it's weird
showing us just the map is a seven
hundred thousand people have converged
on downtown Seattle dangerous
I think you someone gave him a drum he
was throwing skittles my friend let's
see it
with the Titans but the offensive line
the one is now the offensive line behind
what a great day ladies and gentlemen
your world champions the Seattle
Seahawks I was told there were more than
a million people out there on the
streets how amazing is that
growing up the Green Bay Wisconsin or
coach Lombardi coach I feel very honored
humbled to be a small part of bringing
the first Vince Lombardi Trophy to City
Seattle we're just getting warmed up you
know what I'm talking about
Seahawks baby what's happened 12 man
we didn't have any tax in the Superbus
pretty good we bought a supermoto piano
we let you talk man
go home